Young grandma Young grandma
Young grandma
Are you feeling better?
Wipe your mouth
Is that better?
Young lady, don't blame me for talking too much
Don't make the young master angry in the future
You see, the young master actually cares a lot about you
He's looking out for you.
And there's my spot
What he cares about most
It's just a child in the womb
No, no, young lady.
I feel it.
He treats you differently than he treats others
He was used to touching since he was a child
You see he can't pull this face
He won't talk to you nicely
Ok mom
I'm not in the mood to think about that right now.
I just want to avenge my grandmother
Then give birth to the baby in the belly
Okay, grandma, I got it. Slow down.
Army, who asked you to come, right?
Can he let me go?
Dad?
Here's some money.
You can go to other cities as well.
Go abroad
As long as you don't get caught by Lu Cautious
Pardon me?
You let me run
Master Wen, do you still have any conscience?
The company I worked so hard to build
If you say no, you don't want it.
Did you take advantage of me after I left?
Bazhan Company
Dad?
The company is now heavily in debt, and you know the law and break the law
If you don't leave now, the consequences will be more serious.
Dad?
Hey!
After entering the Lu family's door, you took yourself seriously
If something happens to me, it's okay if you don't help me
You are still working together with Lu Jingshen
Drive me away
Get out of here
This is not my Wei Jiaqiang's daughter